library(virtus)

content <- "well let's travel over to America now
head over to Los Angeles and speak to
the host of the politics people podcast
Paul dudridge it's very practiced me
saying politics people podcast it's not
easy uh Paul welcome now uh Trump let's
talk Trump because he holds uh his first
rally since the Espionage indictment and
talk talk to me about what's been going
on
well yeah it's been it's been a
chock-filled uh week uh Trump came back
after his uh what was it 37 indictments
37 indictments and you'd think that
would Dent his popularity yesterday he
held a rally in South Carolina the first
proper rally since we've had those
indictments and he only managed to get a
20 000 crowd fifteen thousand of whom
were there two hours before they were
queuing up from eight o'clock in the
morning the town he held this is picking
South Carolina the town he held the
rally in has only got a population of
three thousand it was like it was like a
conservative Glastonbury it was amazing
turnout yesterday and he's you know he's
back on cracking form and he's very very
um Punchy shall we say he's uh
definitely taking the fight to the Dems
he's openly in the speech saying look I
will take any punishment they throw at
me because they have to come through me
to get to you kind of thing so he's very
uh he's enjoying a very good run at the
moment very Riding High in the polls
he's 52 percent just among I think with
you gov he's four points ahead of Biden
he's 52 points uh uh support in the
Republican uh voters so everything's
actually coming up trumps for Trump at
the moment but he has just been The
Witch Hunt continues by the way we now I
just said there was 37 charges they're
just about to bring between 30 and 45
more charges the Department of Justice
are about to throw even more at him so
Halloween's coming early Witch Hunt in
full swing now what about Biden because
he um twice claimed that Putin is losing
the war in Iraq
is so on the ball he's so ahead of the
game you've got your Russia
correspondent there your Russia
correspondent had no idea that Putin's
losing the war in Iraq and you might
have think it was just a slip on a
tongue but he said it two days he said
it two days running
he said it two days running this is a
person well anyway like I said President
Biden is doing really well her husband
Joe has completely lost it he is com he
now thinks that Russia is at War and is
losing the war specifically uh in Iraq
and nobody seems to be trying to correct
him or apologize anymore the whole thing
is just uh it's like the last day of
school where you can bring in coloring
books at the White House at the moment
so
he is uh yes anyway he is he's leading
the Free World at the moment and we
should all feel safe well I doubt that
we will do with the Joe Biden at the
helm"
results1 <- analyze_values(content)
results2 <- analyze_values_with_modifiers(content)
print(results1)
print(results2)
